you should have seen them people
worshiped them and curse them but
everybody wanted to be them she was like
Satan and heels and Marcy was her
henchman I don't think we've met what
was the cruel politics of high school at
a school like Reagan high being the Teen
Dream can be a little hard to swallow
are you Courtney le Cheyne maybe now
detective Veracruz one detective will
try to find the face that fits the facts
you ever seen one of these before
no no take a lot of licks to get one of
these things down it's hi
[Music]
from Tristar pictures do you like it
okay
there's nothing kinky about okay and
that was there can you say comes the
battle between the babes it's over you
are suing for prom queen
[Music]